hi everyone I'm going to teach you how
to break in your new pointe shoes okay
so first of all you need to break the
other heel now this will give you a nice
shape in here okay so you peel back the
heel of the shoe just like that and you
put your shoe on and I guess food is
gone right and feel where your heels
staffed with your index fingers it
should be just behind your heel and this
in the top of your arch and so you feel
that and you're placing index fingers
with your thumbs on the shoe and she
take your shoe off and you rotate it
around so the heels in front of you and
I have to do now is massage the part
that you've got the heel on the flop and
they just turn it around to the other
way and you repeat the same steps we do
that a few times until it feels nice and
flexible now the second one is breaking
in this part now you need to do this
helps you go up on a nice Demi point and
needs me I'm going don't wait for your
point work and so this will help you so
we have to do is put your pointe shoes
on
and you go up and point say any go on to
donate point and again and you guys like
going through Demi points and ah and
back down
you did this process a few times and you
should have a nice looking shoe then
you'll be out of there easily in class
thank you